so pettyfer a bad company two is awesome
Welsh sniper a subscribe and a follower
sent it to me for free so thank you very
much to him very grateful for that be a
bitch I've been playing this game for
ages now and this game is awesome I'm
play for like three hours last night and
that's the most I've played xbox in ages
so it's just a small compilation of game
that I god I thought was pretty decent
I'm pretty new too bad food bad company
two so I'm not quite sure what you class
is a good streak or shot whatever but
got a couple of announcements to make
I'm starting my my solo minecraft series
on my channel here and I would also be
submitting that to machinimarealm so
look forward to that Bakary on the Angry
Bird series and I've got a a walkthrough
of insanely twisted shadow planet the
new arcade game of the xbox live summer
of arcade and that game was really good
I love to 2d games of that like like
limbo now that was a lot of fun for me
and so yeah got a walkthrough of that
coming up pretty soon ish well so yeah
back on me too if I get any decent game
plans I'll i'm sure i'll be doing some
countries over there this here I don't
even know if this is what you do
normally but I found this hilarious just
riding around on this little quad bike
and just clipping this guy's head oh
dear but yeah but back on me to really
good game looking forward to a
battlefield 3 now this has just got me
pumped up for that game so much via this
show here I thought it was insane this
sniper sure here on the Jeep I thought
eyes and a pretty decent shopping me
there and so yeah ending this comfort
right now thanks for watching guys
please give the video a like and i'll be
sure to see you in my next video thanks
for watching guys bye